Who eats bear hearts and leopards? Cut our family to eat
sister
It's not who is Wang Fan
I won't stare at him when Wang Fan dies
Oops, I don't know who it is.
It's Wang Fan. He asked me for dinner yesterday.
He put something in my drink
And he sent someone to follow me
I was in a hurry
I just walked into a random room
But when I woke up in the morning
I can't remember anything
What should I do now?
It's not you, you don't know who it is
What can I think of now?
This damn guy
Bullying our Shishi
He still wants me to see him
Make him look good
Who do you want to look good?
Hey, who are you scaring?
We
What a coincidence you came.
It's all up to you tomorrow
Don't worry, you won't be disappointed tomorrow.
Who made me your rental boyfriend?
You are
Don't get me wrong.
And me?
I just need a man to pretend to be my boyfriend
Go to Grandpa's Birthday Banquet
Just reject Wang Fang
Is that so?
How about tomorrow?
You must be at the grandpa's birthday banquet
The task assigned to you by the teacher
It's done, okay?
It's no problem for the little master to go out with the horse bag.
Went to bed
Hey, bye.
Don't worry about this
Hold on
Let's wish the old man a blessing like the East Sea
Shoubinan Mountain
Grandpa drink more
Ok ok ok for you
Home Wang Shao to Wang Family Wang Board
Send a golden thread of jadeite
Newbies welcome to work
Hahaha, the Wang family is really rich.
To offer such a precious gift
Yeah, just those two things.
This is already worth tens of millions, oops, hahaha.
Son-in-law?
From now on?
Our Lin Wang family is one family
Who is the family?
If your Lin family doesn't give me an explanation today
I will bankrupt your Lin family
Not Wang Shao
What do you mean? What do you mean?
Then you have to ask your good granddaughter Lin Shishi
Teacher, I hit you
Grandpa